feat(cli): cancel gov proposal by proposer before voting period ends (#13010)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: x/gov/README.md

simd tx gov submit-legacy-proposal software-upgrade v2 --title="Test Proposal" --description="testing, testing, 1, 2, 3" --upgrade-height 1000000 --from cosmos1..
```

#### cancel-proposal

> Once proposal is canceled, from the deposits of proposal `proposal_cancel_burn_rate * deposits` will be sent to the `ProposalCancelDest` address and `remaining deposits` will be burned.

Reviewer: Thanks for spotting. Yes, the spec is outdated (earlier it was not correctly specified, and it was implemented in the way how it is described here, but then during review we changed it, but the documentation was not updated).

> Once proposal is canceled, from the deposits of proposal `proposal_cancel_burn_rate * deposits` will be sent to the `ProposalCancelDest` address and `remaining deposits` will be burned.

Reviewer 2: How about renaming `ProposalCancelBurnRate` to `ProposalCancelChargeRate`?

> Once proposal is canceled, from the deposits of proposal `proposal_cancel_burn_rate * deposits` will be sent to the `ProposalCancelDest` address and `remaining deposits` will be burned.

Reviewer: It's called `proposal_cancel_ratio`. This README file is outdated. `proposal_cancel_charge_ratio` has 4 words, which is a lot. But if `proposal_cancel_ratio` is not clear enough then we can rename.

> Once proposal is canceled, from the deposits of proposal `deposits * proposal_cancel_ratio` will be burned or sent to `ProposalCancelDest` address , if `ProposalCancelDest` is empty then deposits will be burned. and `remaining deposits` will be sent to depositers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once proposal is canceled, from the deposits of proposal `deposits * proposal_cancel_ratio` will be burned or sent to `ProposalCancelDest` address , if `ProposalCancelDest` is empty then deposits will be burned. The `remaining deposits` will be sent to depositers.
```

simd tx gov submit-legacy-proposal software-upgrade v2 --title="Test Proposal" --description="testing, testing, 1, 2, 3" --upgrade-height 1000000 --from cosmos1..
```

#### cancel-proposal

The `cancel-proposal` command allows the proposer to cancel the goverance proposal before voting period ends.

> Once proposal is canceled, from the deposits of proposal `proposal_cancel_burn_rate * deposits` will be sent to community pool and `remaining deposits` will be burned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once proposal is canceled, from the deposits of proposal `proposal_cancel_burn_rate * deposits` will be sent to the `ProposalCancelDest` address and `remaining deposits` will be burned.
```

simd tx gov submit-legacy-proposal software-upgrade v2 --title="Test Proposal" --description="testing, testing, 1, 2, 3" --upgrade-height 1000000 --from cosmos1..
```

#### cancel-proposal

> The `cancel-proposal` command allows the proposer to cancel the goverance proposal before voting period ends.

Reviewer 3: Can you add here too what happens with the deposit? Or somewhere else in the README (as you did in the UPGRADING.md)
